Update README for C3 (#22415)
commaai/openpilot: README.md

openpilot is open source software: the user is free to disable data collection if they wish to do so.

> openpilot logs the road facing camera(s), CAN, GPS, IMU, magnetometer, thermal sensors, crashes, and operating system logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openpilot logs the road facing cameras, CAN, GPS, IMU, magnetometer, thermal sensors, crashes, and operating system logs.
```
